# Welcome To The Wherego's React Tutorial

# You are at Step 5 

Introducint Redux!

Redux is a library/framework that is not limited to React. It helps establish a specific way of organizing data flows. Read more about it [here](http://redux.js.org/docs/basics/DataFlow.html).

### Installation
We need to install `redux` and the interfacing library `react-redux`.

**action** Run `npm install --save redux react-redux`, and then start the webpack dev server. You should see two lines "Step 0" and "Click to complete!" on the page.

### Redux basics
We use Redux in our React project to manage our app-level data as a state tree. The idea is similar to the `state` object in React Component, so you can think of the Redux state tree as the `state` object for the entire app.

Similar to React component state, Redux state data are also "read-only", in favor for the unidirectional data flow. However, the steps are more complicated than just "setState".

In the order below, several things need to happen to update a Redux state variable:

1. **Dispatch** - an action needs to be dispatched, meaning broadcasted, to initiate a state change. An action, in terms of structure, is just an object that contains at least one property `type`. See how it is done in the new implementation of `completeStep` in `AppBody`.

2. **Reduce** - reducers "listen" to broadcasting of actions. On every action dispatched, the entire state tree is replaced by a new one, which is generated by running the old tree through all the reducer functions. We have created a new file `app/appReducers` that contains one reducer function `completed`, and we have assigned it to reduce the state variable `completed`. This reducer function will return the old state variable, or for the right type of the action, return the opposite of the state variable. This in turn decides what the state variable `completed` is.

3. **Bind** - state data are useless if they are not reflected in UI elements. Take a look at `select` and `connect` calls in `AppBody` component. They introduce selected Redux state variables, as well as `dispatch` call, into the component and pass them into the `props`.

**action** Click on the "Click to complete!" line. It should change the line above. Take some time to understand how this is done via the Redux dataflow.

### Practice
Even though we successfully got the entire sentence to display, the step number is still not correct. Figure out the data flow of state tree variable `step` and modify it such that the number increment on every click. You should be able to accomplish by only adding a couple lines of code.
